"The Block Party"
Here in the midwest,
fall is the best time of year.
Corn mazes, football booster club,
and in our neighborhood,
the Birchwood Avenue
Block Party.
If you live between
321 and 452 Birchwood Avenue,
you're more than welcome.
But if you don't, well,
you're out of luck.
But the most exciting thing
about the block party
is the Birchwood 500--
Three nail-biting laps around
the block on your riding mower.
The whole neighborhood looks
forward to it,
especially the kids.
Lawnmower races are lame.
Well, most of them,
anyway.
Axl's in that phase
right now
where everyone
and everything is lame.
Birthdays are lame.
TV's lame.
Food is lame.
Hey.
Last year, when Jack Meenahan won,
you said, "Don't worry, Dad.
We'll get 'em next year."
We.
And for that reason alone,
I bet him
that the loser this year
has to mow the other guy's
lawn for a year.
Yeah, well,
that was lame.
You know what's lame?
Thinking
everything's lame is lame!
- That's what's lame!
- Whatever!
What I just yelled was lame,
wasn't it?
Well, we're not allowed to yell
what we really want to.
I'm supposed
to tell you something.
It's important.
Important.
Well?
They want to talk to you and Dad
about that test I had to take.
- The Waterman-Ginsberg test?
- Yeah.
Why'd I have
to take that test anyway?
No reason.
Then why'd they only give it to me
and the kid who sets things on fire?
Mom, throw this.
That was just
the day you took it.
They give that test
to everyone.
They don't.
Throw it again.
Wait.
Why am I doing this?
Tryouts for tennis team
are next week. Yay!
You're trying out
for tennis?
No. Coach said
that's a long shot,
but he did say there are
openings for ball girl.
Yay!
And I'm the one
who needs testing.
The reason Brick needed testing
was because...
Well, the counselor explained it
so well, I'll let her tell it.
Brick's teachers referred him
for Waterman-Ginsberg testing
because they observed that,
although very bright,
your son struggles socially.
In layman's terms, he has
a hard time making friends.
We needed some $500 test
to tell us that?
I could've told you that
for free.
- Mike, let her finish.
- Thank you.
The test revealed that
Brick is slightly challenged
in his ability to establish
appropriate peer connections.
I see.
He has a hard time
making friends.
Exactly.
So there you have it.
I-I think what my husband
and I are wondering is, why?
Why does he have
a hard time making friends?
Oh, who can say
why anyone does anything?
You're supposed to,
for 500 bucks.
Mike, let her finish.
Oh, I'm done.
Let me tell you something.
Brick is
the happiest kid I know.
Sure, he whispers
to himself.
Sure,
he showers sitting down.
Maybe he licked the car
once or twice.
Hey, don't write
that down!
I-I guess what
we were wondering is...
Is there something
we should be doing?
Well, what do you do now
to help him socialize?
- I think--
- Shh!
Oh, you know...
the usual.
I'd do a little more
than that.
So... should
we be concerned?
I guess what I'd advise
is that you be concerned,
but not overly concerned.
Do what you can
and hope for the best.
- That's it?
- That's it.
Not so bad.
Now doesn't it feel good
to have a plan?
So how'd the kid
who lights things on fire do?
That stupid counselor meeting
left us more confused than ever.
Why is everyone always
trying to convince you
something's wrong
with your kids?
What is wrong with you?
That is for the block party.
I can read.
I'm not stupid.
We'll be the judge of
whether you're stupid or not.
Now, I know
you own pants.
I've seen them
draped over the TV.
Go put 'em on.
Oh, Mom, are you going
to the Booster Club thing
at school on Friday?
Well, I will
if you want me to.
You sound like you do.
You know,
that means so much to me.
Oh, I miss you!
Chill. Gross.
Thought we talked
about this.
What happened to him?
I mean,
he used to be so sweet.
Remember
when he was six
and he made me
that clay giraffe?
Thank you for being
the best mom ever.
Should've kept that.
So what are we gonna do?
- About which one?
- The small one.
I don't know.
Maybe we didn't do
enough for Brick.
He's a third kid.
He's lucky
we remember to feed him.
Looking good, Sue!
She's trying out
for ball girl.
Oh, I can't help thinking
it's my fault.
She didn't make anything else.
That's her fault--
not yours.
No. We're on Brick now.
Hard to keep track,
isn't it?
I just feel like
I've slacked off.
I used to try to set up
playdates for him,
but I ran through every boy
in the neighborhood.
I like juice.
You do?
Well, Brick likes juice, too,
don't you, Brick?
Look at that!
Two juice-loving boys!
Your move.
Brick's catching up.
Going up the ladder...
Good fun, huh, boys?
I like juice, too.
I hope you like
mint chocolate chip...
Brick, what are you doing?
You have a friend over.
I just want a little privacy.
That kid is weird.
Weird.
Look, if you want, I can help
Brick make friends.
But you know
what I'm gonna say.
- Don't say it.
- Sports!
There, I said it.
Hey, Brick, get in here.
This is Brick
we're talking about.
He's gonna suck!
Of course
he's gonna suck,
but it's still the best way
for a boy to make friends.
Hey, we're signing you
up for a team.
What sport you like?
I like basketball.
See?
He likes basketball.
That oughta be good
for some friends.
Or get him beat up.
By his friends.
Unfortunately, I couldn't make it
to Brick's first game
because it was the same day
as Booster Club.
I knew how important
it was to Axl
for me to be there,
and that made it
important to me.
I had to suck up
every scrap of affection
from him I could get.
Oh, yay, you're here!
Barely. My boss thinks
I'm on a doughnut run.
Remind me to steal some doughnuts
from the teachers' lounge.
Oh, you can't, though.
The boys
want to thank us
for raising the money for
their new jerseys.
It's a whole thing.
It's a thing?
Oh, that's why Axl
wanted me to come.
- Um, isn't this Axl Heck's locker?
- That one.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Come on, guys!
Come on!
Okay, now get out there,
play some ball
and make some friends!
Hustle!
Dad, why are you yelling?
Because that's the way
we talk in sports.
- Go get 'em!
- Okay, Dad!
- Alright, alright!
- Boys, come on.
Go, go, go!
All right! Good start!
Spalding.
It says "Spalding," Brick.
Don't read the ball!
We're okay, Dad!
What?
What are you doing?
Can you take me to
a book signing this weekend?
My favorite writer
is going to be there.
What? Yeah, sure, whatever.
Just get back out there.
Hands out, hands out!
Get your hands
out of your pockets.
Ketchup packets?
They're my security condiments.
They soothe me.
You're playing
a basketball game.
You're not supposed
to be soothed.
Give me those things.
Come on!
Get back in the game.
And make a friend,
would ya?
The guys just wanted
to do something nice for you, moms.
Especially since you
raised the money to get us
these killer new jerseys, right?
Yeah!
And, uh,
I-I know it's not much, but...
Mom, I want you
to have my old jersey.
Yeah, Mom, you rock!
Hey.
I'd like to give my jersey
to a special lady
who might not know
just how special she is.
There it was.
I complain it's hard to get out
of work for the boosting and all,
but it's these little moments
that make it all worthwhile.
Sophie, I think
you're really hot.
Keep smiling.
You can cry in the car.
Okay, so Axl
didn't give me his jersey.
It was no big deal.
It was a huge deal.
Where's the $500 test
to tell me how I ended up
with a clueless bonehead
who doesn't even know
how to thank his mother?
So... how'd it go?
Good. It was a little loud, but
I got some reading done.
I don't get it, Brick.
You said
you liked basketball.
I do like basketball.
I like all words
with three syllables--
Pineapple, hypnotize,
lacerate...
This is fun.
I'm gonna go put on my pajamas
and make a list.
Hey! Pa-ja-mas.
That's it. I'm out.
What--what--what do
you mean, you're out?
It was a disaster.
It's not that
he was even bad.
- He was just... weird.
- Damn it.
I was hoping it was gonna be
like the U2 video
where the odd kid who sat
on the bench the whole time
makes the basket
and saves the game
- and everybody loves him.
- Yeah, it wasn't like that.
- So what do we do now?
- I told you, I'm out.
I'm gonna work on something
I can understand--the lawnmower.
- You don't get to be out.
- I'm out.
You don't get
to be out!
He was out--
Out hiding in the garage,
while I spent the week
avoiding my other son
who had lacerated
my heart... until...
Sue, what happened
to your face?
She was born that way.
Axl.
I didn't make ball girl.
Oh, I'm sorry, honey.
I got hit in the face
with a racket.
- Stupid.
- Axl.
No, not her. Me.
Stupid for giving my jersey
to Sophie.
Oh, really?
What do you mean?
She doesn't like me.
Oh, that's terrible.
Oh, that's awesome!
Here was my opening.
I was gonna
get that jersey,
and I was gonna get Axl
to give it to me.
So what happened?
I got hit when I ran out onto
the court to get the ball,
but the point
was still going on.
Oh, honey.
No, to the jersey, I mean.
Did ya, you know, get it back?
No.
After the guy hit me
with his racket,
he smashed into me
and knocked me into the net.
Oh, honey,
that's horrible.
Don't you think you should
ask her to give it back?
- You know, for closure?
- Nah, not worth it.
And after he knocked me
into the net,
my braces got stuck
in the strings.
The nurses had to cut me
out with nail scissors.
Oh, sweetheart!
Gosh, it sounds like
it just wasn't meant to be.
I don't know.
I think you might want
to get it back.
It's your jersey,
and it's very valuable.
There could be someone out there
who wants it very badly.
Wait.
You think
I could sell it?
I'm out.
Turns out, Mike didn't
understand the lawnmower
any more than
he understood Brick.
What are you doing?
I'm looking for the manual
so I can put this damn thing
back together again.
Can I help?
Uh, no,
not really, buddy.
Why don't you just
go back to bed?
Okay. But your brake pad
is in the wrong place.
- Mm, how you know that?
- I read the manual.
It goes on
the jackshaft pulley.
Pull the brake pad away
from the jackshaft pulley
to install the drive belt.
See diagram "B"
on page 32.
It had
a smooshed bug on it.
How do you do that?
I remember
everything I read.
Do you need to fix
the margarita maker?
I read the manual
for that, too.
No. No,
let's just work on this.
The block party
was finally here,
and my worries
were melting away.
I don't know
if it was 'cause
Mike and Brick fixed
the lawnmower together,
or Mike and Brick
fixed the margarita maker.
Who am I kidding?
I knew.
I wouldn't say I was gonna get
the whole thing back together,
and then Brick here came in
and just...
Brick, tell 'em
the first line on page 26.
"To adjust shift levers,
stop engine and
disconnect the adjuster nut
from the shifter yoke."
Shifter yoke.
How about that, huh?
What's the last line
on page 50?
"Attach the cotter pin and
brake spring to the locknut
before installing it in
the brake lever assembly."
I couldn't believe it.
Brick was actually having
a conversation
with the Harrison boy and--
dare I say it--
making a friend.
- What's on page--
- Okay, I'm done talking to you now.
Baby steps.
Look at 'em
over there--
All shrouded
in their sons' love.
Here's the thing, Sophie.
We both know you don't care
about that jersey,
so why don't you
give it to me?
And there's no hard feelings.
I can't do that.
Look, you don't
intimidate me.
I was a cheerleader once.
I had spirit,
yes, I did.
And now
I'm just a cranky, tired mom
- with nothing to lose.
- I already gave it back to Axl.
He said he wanted
to give it to someone else.
Well, then.
Never mind.
It was so nice
to have met you.
- You're gonna mow my yard.
In Orson, Indiana, that's
some serious trash-talking.
Gentlemen,
start your mowers!
Hear you got
your jersey back.
Uh-huh.
I also heard you want
to give it to somebody else.
Uh, yeah.
Well?
I already gave it
to her.
What? Her?
You gave it
to another girl?
Yeah, whatever.
Are you kidding me?!
What is the matter
with you?
I keep telling myself
that you're still that same kid
who gave me that clay giraffe,
but I don't think that boy's
in there anymore.
I mean, how can you be
so insensitive?
Do you have any idea
how much I do for you?
And when you
get the chance
to give me a little shout-out,
what do you do?
You embarrass me
instead,
and that... oh, that, Mister,
is what I think is lame.
Did I miss
much of the race?
What are you doing
with that?
Axl gave it to me.
What?
Yeah, he said he felt bad
about me not making ball girl.
This is why
I didn't tell you!
Oh, thank God.
He was
the same sweet kid
who had given me
the clay giraffe.
He was currently hiding in the shell
of a hideous teenager,
but there was a glimmer
he'd be back.
Mom!
I love you, too, honey.
Can I have
a wine cooler?
No.
This block party was shaping up
to be the best one ever--
Even better than the one where
the kids were out of town.
Looked like Mike was finally
gonna beat Jack Meenahan...
Or so we thought.
Brick, what the hell
are you doing?
Dad, we gotta go--
the book signing.
What? What are you
talking about?
You said you'd take me
to the book signing, remember?
At basketball?
Can you take me to a book
signing this weekend?
My favorite writer
is going to be there.
What?
Yeah, sure, whatever.
You said,
"Yeah, sure, whatever."
The bookstore
closes in a half hour.
Uh, Brick, I'm kind of
in the middle of a race here.
That's okay.
Later, loser!
Hop on.
Really?
We're going
to the bookstore!
- Shouldn't we take the car?
- Nah. I know a shortcut.
That's the thing
about Brick--
He's always gonna go down
his own path.
Instead of fighting it,
Mike decided to meet Brick
on his terms
and just veered right off
the path there with him.
I guess that counselor
wasn't so wrong after all.
When it
comes to your kids,
all you can really do
is be concerned.
But not overly concerned.
Do what you can
and hope for the best.
Dad, you're going
through the Meenahans' yard.
It's okay. I'm gonna
have to mow it anyway.
Hey, maybe I could sneak
into her drawer later
when she's sleeping
and get that jersey.
Eh, I don't know.
Transcript: SFile.YDY.com
Sync: YTET-Ìð¿§·È
Final Edits: VeRdiKT
[Subscene / Addic7ed]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org